Add flokk to samples and codelabs (#5341)
flutter/website: src/desktop.md

as well as download and inspect the source code to
learn more about Flutter desktop support.

Flutter Gallery [running web app][], [repo][flutter-gallery-repo]
: A samples project hosted on GitHub to help developers
  evaluate and use Flutter. The Gallery consists of a
  collection of Material design widgets, behaviors,
  and vignettes implemented with Flutter.
  You can clone the project and run Gallery as a desktop app
  by following the instructions provided in the [README][].
  
Flokk [annonucement blogpost][gskinner-flokk-blogpost], [repo][gskinner-flokk-repo]

> : A fresh and modern Google Contacts manager that integrates with GitHub and Twitter

Author: @csells can you word smith this into something less sales-y?

> Flokk [annonucement blogpost][gskinner-flokk-blogpost], [repo][gskinner-flokk-repo]
> : A fresh and modern Google Contacts manager that integrates with GitHub and Twitter
>   by our friends at [gskinner][]. It syncs with your Google account, imports all your 
>   Contacts and allows you to manage them. Additionally, you can link Twitter and 
>   Github accounts for each contact, and see all of their social activities at a glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flokk [announcement blogpost][gskinner-flokk-blogpost], [repo][gskinner-flokk-repo]
: A Google contacts manager that integrates with GitHub and Twitter. 
  It syncs with your Google account, imports your contacts,
  and allows you to manage them.
```

[`menubar`]: {{site.github}}/google/flutter-desktop-embedding/tree/master/plugins/menubar
[Photo Search app]: {{site.repo.organization}}/samples/tree/master/experimental/desktop_photo_search
[README]: {{site.github}}/flutter/gallery#flutter-gallery

> [flutter-gallery-repo]: {{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/tree/master/dev/integration_tests/flutter_gallery
> [gskinner]: https://www.gskinner.com/
> [gskinner-flokk-repo]: https://github.com/gskinnerTeam/flokk
> [gskinner-flokk-blogpost]: https://blog.gskinner.com/archives/2020/09/flokk-how-we-built-a-desktop-app-using-flutter.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[flutter-gallery-repo]: {{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/tree/master/dev/integration_tests/flutter_gallery
[gskinner-flokk-repo]: {{site.github}}/gskinnerTeam/flokk
[gskinner-flokk-blogpost]: https://blog.gskinner.com/archives/2020/09/flokk-how-we-built-a-desktop-app-using-flutter.html
```
